okay let me give you a rundown of how
this whole thing happened
we brought a stranger we met on the
streets to Panama to give a TED talk
with us and during that conference there
was another speaker who happened to be
the youngest tattoo artist in the world
I just dropped into my mom's or when I
started doing the tattooing in the
coloring so I want you all to let go of
the mental bias for a second and think
about what were durables when you were
my age 12 that's right
ezra is 12 freaking years old and is
already embodying the yes theory by
believing in himself and not letting his
age stop him from pursuing what he loves
I wanted to do something before but
hasn't out of field I'm here to tell you
that I don't think that you're too late
or too early I think you're ready I'm a
12 year old tattoo artist and I cannot
wait to see what we do next way more
confident and I feel like brighter than
any of us at 12 years old I promised
myself I wouldn't get another tattoo for
at least a year because I got three in a
year my mom's like hey dude you should
probably ask lone down now
tattooed by the younger tattoo artists
obviously I said yes bastellis we had a
full day open in Panama we sent men out
to be abandoned with no money which will
be for another episode while Ezra
decided before tattooing our new manager
Zak and myself to take us on an
adventure how are you yeah when was the
last time you wakeboarder you've never
waited oh damn we're taking Marcus
you'll wait 40 for the first time he's
skipping school today so shout out to
[Music]
what's happening right now
Marcus is a little nervous
what he nervous about alright doesn't
look too bad
[Applause]
[Music]
in your studio oh my God look at this oh
my god that is so cool your blog is
about doing things out of your comfort
zone when Ezra to for the first time
said like well I don't know if I wanted
to tour no because I don't know how to
draw and he was like well I will never
be able to draw in a year that it is
doing and he's 12 when you really try to
do something you really believe we said
of course you can it's all of your
drawings thank you guys which tattoo is
that is the very first one the one that
I mean like color it Wow that was
technically your first tattoo all right
I like this but this is gonna take a
while no yeah it would be like arising
like was telling me he was hesitating he
was like I don't know if I want to do it
anymore
and then now he's back at it Zach Lilly
just joined us as our manager two weeks
ago and you wanted to get a yes tattooed
like the rest of us but in one of the
episodes can't believe you're tattooing
we do know you're probably the only
reason for wish I would say yes to
another tattoo all right well we gotta
go
shave our legs because that's what we're
getting our tattoos I don't even know
when I'm gonna see a big chunk you have
a little block of no hair on my legs
sweet so this is a wonderful yes three
moments where our new manager and I are
shaving our legs in what is pretty much
a stranger's bathroom if anyone would
have told me you're gonna go to Panama
you're gonna shave your legs in a 12
year old is gonna tattoo you oh and fins
like I'm not going to give that speech
anymore I feel like a like beautiful
but the haters roll in damn honestly
props to women oh you are did you
actually cognate guess uh see you guys
back at the tattoo all right a setup is
actually happening oh my god
yeah I love it never thought I would get
it tattooed by its own year-old but this
is what life's about you know
once-in-a-lifetime experiences
I knew it was gonna be good because I
wouldn't have done tattoo if I didn't
know I was gonna be good especially on
you guys dude real well done he's got a
tattoo by the youngers tattoo artists in
the world name I was not expecting to
come to Panama she get a matching tattoo
with my manager from the 12-year old
branch ankles not all of us knew what we
wanted to do at Ezra's age if there's
one thing he reminded us of once again
is that the key to happiness growth and
success is to surround yourself with
people who believe in you and sometimes
literally give you the tools to help you
achieve your dreams because it's the
African proverb says if you want to go
fast go alone if you want to go far go
together
see you one Thursday
[Music]